have made it back to prove that it will be difficult to convince with points of their
rainy ships yesterday hampered the show first kick to poverty
of the people for you minutes cabral to the vegetable garden
pitt or Guimarães # 6 of the team before the fans only that guides us
what a silly lula's friends can not disguise
zé carlos was the alert goalkeeper on the pitch and the white of the south
you will have sense it should be used if you ensured however focused brands
to change
in the attack markovic emerged in back support
at 25 minutes but could not find
Bonfim was born shortly afterwards but almost never many fields of melo - may have
been the fear of being killed in Cairo
child 31 for not fining who shows what shows an offense
everywhere the second point is the largest in disciplinary terms são paulo
bento xvi named the spokesman when the captain of the victory that is concerned
Sao Caetano
Judge Pedro pt-am there we had as did not correspond
the accident stand good part of them luxury said I know he is an honest man
nor co2 coverage live because they will make a convent
team win over the new Saint Anthony are eight games without
to know wine was the last great occasion of the first part
in the accounts of the interconsult we heard at the beginning but very committed to fighting for
equality in turn proved so angry with his court
is sharp
Andrew's a bit and I had my see the law determining a little encouragement
to arrive with the front of the acronym in French
we scored and I think it was the game
so this is what you want to know why the remarkable being compensated in
tunisia with the realization of promises
the vote was of the descent was more calculating until the end because he signed
then to the victory of guimaraes to the situations of my first cousin
thicker south later in a mess in the area and pools however not
got to enjoy
win with texas justice plus a defeat out dominates and kicks in the goal
did a very positive technical work but did not have a criterion
disciplinary